{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SISkappa:\
\
1. Plot stochastic simulations vs ic generated from deterministic solver.\
2. Might need to go out to 20k simulations, will need to look at the examples\
	to decide; if their is basically no drift in the distribution about the mean\
	then it is probably fine. If there is drift then it is necessary to simulate\
	out to 20k. Note that the original problem had to do with imperfect ic.\
	It would be reasonable to think that the original deterministic solver was\
	not run for long enough, which then would mean that the ic were not \
	perfect, and then the stochastic simulator wasn't run long enough to\
	correct for the error.\
3. For the worst agreement example, plot the deterministic solver versus the\
	stochastic simulation. Make a panel figure that includes the overall \
	distribution (histogram and numerical pmf) along with the siskappa pmf.\
	~> If the deterministic solver agrees with mean of simulation\
	~> We believe that we have reached the stationary pmf\
	~> The comparison with the siskappa pmf is fair\
	~> These results can be used to produce the heatmap\
4. It might be useful to have a plot that shows that the mean behavior of the I\
	class moves away also. This plot should look similar to the KL div plot.\
	The upper right hand corner will have significant difference in the I classes.\
\
A. SIR does not match very well at all. Since the deterministic solver code\
	had errors in the SIR function, it seems likely that the make ic function\
	has the same errors. Go back and check. If this is the case, then we \
	need to remake the ic files, and then remake the stochastic simulations.\
A2. It is also possible that I made initial conditions and then never went back and\
	recalculated SIR stochastic simulations.}